Which one do you choose:
fresh or foul air?
Download the GO2 app and start
living a healthier, happier life.
Every day in London,
five million cars, lorries
and motorbikes fill the air with pollutants.
These particles and chemicals
are tricky to avoid,
and especially in big cities,
affect people’s wellbeing.
The GO2 app combines
traffic data with current
weather conditions to forecast air
quality with unparalleled precision.
GO2 keeps tabs on your
likely exposure every hour,
every day, and lets you
decide what action to take.
GO2 also helps you take
the least polluted route
when walking, running or cycling.
And by exercising, you can counteract
the negative effects of air pollution.
Start enjoying fresh air for
a happier, healthier life.
Download GO2 now and
choose the air you breathe.